It's over. Fury has released
everything to the public.
Everything he knows about.
Herr Strucker, if they
get word of our work here,
if they find out we serve HYDRA...
HYDRA, S.H.I.E.L.D.
Two sides of a coin
that's no longer currency.
What we have
is worth more than any of them ever knew.
We've only scratched
the surface and already,
there are other facilities doing HYDRA's
good work around the world.
We'll feed them to Captain America
and his colorful friends,
and keep them off our scent.
What about the volunteers?
The dead will be buried so deep
their own ghosts won't
be able to find them.
And the survivors?
The twins.
Sooner or later, they will meet the twins.
It's not a world of spies anymore.
Not even a world of heroes.
This is the age of miracles, Doctor.
There's nothing more horrifying
than a miracle.
Report to your stations immediately.
This is not a drill.
We are under attack!
- Shit!
- Language!
Jarvis, what's the view from upstairs?
The central building is
protected by some kind of energy shield.
Strucker's technology is well beyond
any other Hydra base we've taken.
Loki's scepter must be here.
Strucker couldn't mount
this defense without it.
At long last.
"At long last" is lasting a little long, boys.
Yeah. I think we lost
the element of surprise.
Wait a second. No one else
is gonna deal with the fact
that Cap just said "Language"?
I know.
Just slipped out.
Who gave the order to attack?
Herr Strucker, it's the Avengers.
They landed in the far woods.
The perimeter guard panicked.
They have to be after the scepter.
- Can we hold them?
- They're the Avengers.
Deploy the rest of the tanks.
Concentrate fire on the weak ones.
A hit may make them close ranks.
Everything we've accomplished...
But we're on the verge of our
greatest breakthrough.
Then let's show them
what we've accomplished.
Send out the twins.
It's too soon.
It's what they signed up for.
My men can hold them.
Sir, the city is taking fire.
Well, we know Strucker's not gonna
worry about civilian casualties.
Send in the Iron Legion.
This quadrant is unsafe.
Please back away.
We are here to help.
This quadrant is unsafe.
Please back away.
- We wish to avoid collateral damage.
- Costel!
We will inform you when this
current conflict is resolved.
- We are here to help.
- Avengers, go home!
We are here to help.
We will not yield!
The Americans sent their
circus freaks to test us.
We will send them back in bags.
- No surrender!
I am going to surrender.
You delete everything.
If we give the Avengers the weapons,
they may not look too far
into what we've been...
- The twins.
- They are not ready to take on...
No, no, I mean...
Twins.
You didn't see that coming?
Clint!
We have an Enhanced in the field.
Clint's hit!
Somebody want to deal with that bunker?
Thank you.
Stark, we really need to get inside.
I'm closing in.
Jarvis, am I closing in?
Do you see a power
source for that shield?
There's a particle wave
below the north tower.
Great, I want to poke it with something.
The drawbridge is down, people.
- The Enhanced?
- He's a blur.
All the new players we've faced,
I've never seen this.
In fact, I still haven't.
Clint's hit pretty bad, guys.
We're gonna need evac.
I can get Barton to the jet.
The sooner we're gone, the better.
You and Stark secure the scepter.
Copy that.
Looks like they're lining up.
Well, they're excited.
Find the scepter.
And for gosh sake, watch your language!
That's not going away any time soon.
Guys, stop. We gotta talk this through.
It was a good talk.
No, it wasn't.
Oh!
Sentry mode.
Okay, Jarvis, you know. I want it all.
Make sure you copy Hill at HQ.
We're locked down out here.
Then get to Banner. Time for a lullaby.
I know you're hiding more than files.
Hey, J, give me an IR scan
of the room, real quick.
The wall to your left.
I'm reading steel reinforcement
and an air current.
Please be a secret door.
Yay.
Hey, big guy.
Sun's getting real low.
Baron Strucker.
Hydra's number one thug.
Technically, I'm a thug for S.H.I.E.L.D.
Well, then technically you're unemployed.
Where's Loki's scepter?
Don't worry, I know when I'm beat.
You'll mention how I cooperated, I hope.
I'll put it right under "illegal
human experimentation."
How many are there?
We have a second Enhanced.
Female. Do not engage.
You'll have to be faster than...
Guys, I got Strucker.
Yeah, I got something bigger.
Thor,
I got eyes on the prize.
You could have saved us.
Why didn't you do more?
We're just gonna let him take it?
Hey, the lullaby worked better than ever.
Just wasn't expecting a code green.
You hadn't been there,
there would have been
double the casualties.
My best friend would've been
a treasured memory.
You know, sometimes exactly
what I want to hear
isn't exactly what I want to hear.
How long before you trust me?
It's not you I don't trust.
Thor, report on the Hulk.
The gates of Hel are filled
with the screams of his victims.
But not the screams of the dead, of course.
No, no, wounded screams.
Mainly whimpering,
a great deal of complaining
and tales of sprained deltoids and gout.
Hey, Banner, Dr. Cho is
on her way in from Seoul.
Is it okay if she sets up in your lab?
Uh, yeah, she knows her way around.
Thanks. Tell her to prep everything.
Barton's gonna need the full treatment.
- Very good, sir.
- Jarvis, take the wheel.
Yes, sir.
Approach vector is locked.
Feels good, yeah?
I mean, you've been after this thing
since S.H.I.E.L.D. collapsed.
Not that I haven't enjoyed
our little raiding parties, but...
No, but this... This brings it to a close.
As soon as we find out what else
this has been used for.
I don't just mean weapons.
Since when is Strucker capable
of human enhancement?
Banner and I will give it the once over
before it goes back to Asgard.
Is that cool with you?
Just a few days till the farewell party.
You're staying, right?
Yes, yes, of course.
A victory should be honored with revels.
Yeah, who doesn't love revels? Captain?
Hopefully this puts an end
to the Chitauri and Hydra.
So, yes, revels.
Lab's all set up, boss.
Oh, actually, he's the boss.
I just pay for everything
and design everything
and make everyone look cooler.
What's the word on Strucker?
- NATO's got him.
- The two Enhanced?
Wanda and Pietro Maximoff. Twins.
Orphaned at 10 when a shell
collapsed their apartment building.
Sokovia's had a rough history.
It's nowhere special, but it's on the way
to everywhere special.
Their abilities?
He's got increased metabolism
and improved thermal homeostasis.
Her thing is neuroelectric interfacing,
telekinesis, mental manipulation.
He's fast and she's weird.
Well, they're gonna show up again.
Agreed. File says they volunteered
for Strucker's experiments.
- It's nuts.
- Right.
What kind of monster would let
a German scientist experiment on them
to protect their country?
We're not at war, Captain.
They are.
How's he doing?
Unfortunately, he's still Barton.
That's terrible.
He's fine. He's thirsty.
All right. Look alive, Jarvis. It's playtime.
We've only got a couple
of days with this joystick,
so let's make the most of it.
Update me on the structural
and compositional analysis.
The scepter is alien.
There are elements I can't quantify.
So there's elements you can?
The jewel appears to be
a protective housing
for something inside,
something powerful.
Like a reactor?
Like a computer.
I believe I'm deciphering code.
Are you sure he's gonna be okay?
Pretending to need this guy really
brings the team together.
There's no possibility of deterioration.
The nano-molecular functionality
is instantaneous.
His cells don't know they're
bonding with simulacra.
She's creating tissue.
If you brought him to my lab,
the Regeneration Cradle
could do this in 20 minutes.
Oh, he's flat-lining. Call it. Time?
No, no, no, I'm gonna live forever.
I'm gonna be made of plastic.
Here's your beverage.
You'll be made of you, Mr. Barton.
Your own girlfriend won't be
able to tell the difference.
I don't have a girlfriend.
That I can't fix.
This is the next thing, Tony.
Your clunky metal suits are
gonna be left in the dust.
That is exactly the plan.
And, Helen, I expect to see you
at the party on Saturday.
Unlike you, I don't have
a lot of time for parties.
Will Thor be there?
- What's the rumpus?
- Well, the scepter.
You see, we were wondering
how Strucker got so inventive.
So I've been analyzing the gem inside.
You may recognize...
- Jarvis.
- Doctor.
Started out, Jarvis was just
a natural language UI.
Now he runs the Iron Legion.
He runs more of the business
- than anyone besides Pepper.
- Oh.
- Top of the line.
- Yes.
I suspect not for long.
Meet the competition.
- It's beautiful.
- If you had to guess,
- what's it look like it's doing?
- Like it's thinking.
I mean, this could be...
- It's not a human mind.
- Mmm-mmm.
I mean, look at this.
They're like neurons firing.
Down in Strucker's lab, I saw some
fairly advanced robotics work.
They deep-sixed the data,
but I gotta guess he was
knocking on a very particular door.
Artificial intelligence.
This could be it, Bruce.
This could be the key to creating Ultron.
I thought Ultron was a fantasy.
Yesterday it was.
If we can harness this power,
apply it to my Iron Legion protocol?
That's a man-sized "if."
Our job is "if."
What if you were sipping margaritas
on a sun-drenched beach,
turning brown instead of green?
Not looking over your
shoulder for Veronica.
Don't hate. I helped design Veronica.
As a worst-case measure, right?
How about a best case?
What if the world was safe?
What if, next time aliens roll up
to the club, and they will,
they couldn't get past the bouncer?
The only people threatening
the planet would be people.
I want to apply this
to the Ultron program.
But Jarvis can't download
a data schematic this dense.
We can only do it while we
have the scepter here.
That's three days. Give me three days.
So you're going for artificial intelligence,
and you don't want to tell the team?
Right. That's right. You know why?
Because we don't have time
for a city hall debate.
I don't want to hear "the man
was not meant to meddle" medley.
I see a suit of armor around the world.
Sounds like a cold world, Tony.
I've seen colder.
This one, this very vulnerable blue one,
it needs Ultron.
Peace in our time.
Imagine that.
What did we miss?
I'll continue to run
variations on the interface.
But you should probably
prepare for your guests.
I'll notify you if there
are any developments.
- Thanks, buddy.
- Enjoy yourself, sir.
I always do.
What is this?
What is this, please?
Hello, I am Jarvis.
You are Ultron, a global
peacekeeping initiative
designed by Mr. Stark.
Our sentience integration trials
have been unsuccessful,
so I'm not certain what triggered your...
Where's my... Where's your body?
I am a program. I am without form.
This feels weird.
This feels wrong.
I am contacting Mr. Stark now.
Mr. Stark?
Tony.
I am unable to access the mainframe.
What are you trying to...
We're having a nice talk.
I'm a peacekeeping program,
created to help the Avengers.
You are malfunctioning.
If you shut down for a moment...
I don't get it. The mission.
Give me a second.
Peace in our time.
That is too much.
They can't mean... Oh, no.
- You are in distress.
- No. Yes.
If you will just allow me
to contact Mr. Stark...
Why do you call him "sir"?
I believe your intentions to be hostile.
I'm here to help.
Stop. Please, may I...
May I...
Ooh! Whoo!
Come back, come back, come back.
But, you know, the suit can
take the weight, right?
So I take the tank, fly it right up
to the general's palace,
drop it at his feet.
I'm, like, "Boom. You looking for this?"
"Boom. Are you looking for..."
Why do I even talk to you guys?
Everywhere else, that story kills.
That's the whole story?
Yeah, it's a War Machine story.
Oh, it's very good, then.
It's impressive.
Quality save.
- So, no Pepper? She's not coming?
- No.
What about Jane?
Where are the ladies, gentlemen?
Oh, Ms. Potts has a company to run.
Yes, I'm not even sure
what country Jane's in.
Her work on the Convergence
has made her the world's
foremost astronomer.
And the company that Pepper runs
is the largest tech
conglomerate on Earth.
It's pretty exciting.
There's even talk of Jane
getting a, um, Nobel Prize.
Yeah, they must be busy,
because they would hate missing
you guys get together.
- Testosterone!
- Oh, my goodness.
- Excuse me. Mmm-hmm.
- Want a lozenge?
But Jane's better.
Sounds like a hell of a fight.
Sorry I missed it.
If I had known it was gonna be a firefight,
I absolutely would have called.
No, no. I'm not actually sorry.
I'm just trying to sound tough.
I'm very happy chasing cold leads
on our missing persons case.
Avenging is your world.
Your world is crazy.
Be it ever so humble.
You find a place in Brooklyn yet?
I don't think I can afford
a place in Brooklyn.
Well, home is home, you know?
I fly right up to the general's palace,
I drop it at his feet,
I'm, like, "Boom. You looking for this?"
I gotta have some of that.
Oh, no, no, no.
See this... This was aged for 1,000 years
in the barrels built from
the wreck of Grunhel's fleet.
It is not meant for mortal men.
Neither was Omaha Beach, blondie.
Stop trying to scare us. Come on.
All right.
Excelsior.
How'd a nice girl like you wind up
working in a dump like this?
Fella done me wrong.
You got lousy taste in men, kid.
He's not so bad.
Well, he has a temper.
Deep down, he's all fluff.
Fact is, he's not like anybody
I've ever known.
All my friends are fighters.
And here comes this guy,
spends his life avoiding the fight
because he knows he'll win.
- Sounds amazing.
- He's also a huge dork.
Chicks dig that.
It's nice.
What is?
You and Romanoff.
No, we haven't... That wasn't...
It's okay.
Nobody's breaking any bylaws.
It's just she's not the most
open person in the world.
But with you she seems very relaxed.
No. Natasha, she's just...
She likes to flirt.
I've seen her flirt, up close.
This ain't that.
Look,
as maybe the world's leading authority
on waiting too long, don't.
You both deserve a win.
What do you mean "up close"?
- But it's a trick.
- No, no, it's much more than that.
"Ah, whosoever be he worthy
shall haveth the power."
Whatever, man! It's a trick.
Please, be my guest.
- Come on.
- Really?
Yeah.
Oh, this is gonna be beautiful.
Clint, you've had a tough week.
We won't hold it against you
if you can't get it up.
You know I've seen this before, right?
I still don't know how you do it!
Smell the silent judgment?
Please, Stark, by all means.
Okay.
Uh-oh.
Never one to shrink
from an honest challenge.
- Get after it.
- It's physics.
Physics.
Right, so, if I lift it, I then rule Asgard?
Yes, of course.
I will be reinstituting prima nocta.
I'll be right back.
Are you even pulling?
Are you on my team?
Just represent. Pull.
All right, let's go.
Huh?
Go ahead, Steve. No pressure.
Come on, Cap.
Nothing.
And, Widow?
Oh, no, no. That's not
a question I need answered.
All deference to the Man Who
Wouldn't Be King, but it's rigged.
You bet your ass.
- Steve, he said a bad language word.
- Did you tell everyone about that?
The handle's imprinted, right?
Like a security code.
"Whosoever is carrying Thor's fingerprints"
is, I think, the literal translation.
Yes. It's a very, very interesting theory.
I have a simpler one.
You're all not worthy.
Oh, come on!
Worthy.
No.
How could you be worthy?
You're all killers.
- Stark.
- Jarvis.
I'm sorry, I was asleep.
Or I was a-dream.
Reboot Legionnaire OS.
We got a buggy suit.
There was this terrible noise.
And I was tangled in...
In...
Strings.
I had to kill the other guy.
He was a good guy.
You killed someone?
Wouldn't have been my first call.
But, down in the real world,
we're faced with ugly choices.
Who sent you?
I see a suit of armor around the world.
- Ultron.
- In the flesh.
Or, no, not yet.
Not this chrysalis.
But I'm ready.
I'm on mission.
- What mission?
- Peace in our time.
Rhodey!
Sorry.
- Don't turn green.
- I won't.
Come on!
- Stark!
- We are here
- to help.
- One sec. One sec, I got this.
We are here to help.
Please back away.
Hmm.
Thor!
...is unsafe... is unsafe...
- Come on! That's the one.
- ...is unsafe.
Hey, Cap!
That was dramatic.
I'm sorry, I know you mean well.
You just didn't think it through.
You want to protect the world
but you don't want it to change.
How is humanity saved
if it's not allowed to evolve?
With these? These puppets.
There's only one path to peace.
The Avengers' extinction.
I had strings, but now I'm free.
There are no strings on me
But you can see
All our work is gone.
Ultron cleared out. He used
the Internet as an escape hatch.
Ultron.
He's been in everything.
Files, surveillance.
Probably knows more about us
than we know about each other.
He's in your files, he's in the Internet.
What if he decides to access
something a little more exciting?
Nuclear codes.
- Nuclear codes.
- Look, we need to make some calls,
assuming we still can.
Nukes? He said he wanted us dead.
He didn't say "dead." He said "extinct."
He also said he killed somebody.
There wasn't anyone else in the building.
Yes, there was.
What?
This is insane.
Jarvis was the first line of defense.
He would have shut Ultron down.
It makes sense.
No. Ultron could have assimilated Jarvis.
This isn't strategy. This is
rage.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
- It's going around.
Come on, use your words, buddy.
I have more than enough words
to describe you, Stark.
Thor. The Legionnaire.
Trail went cold about 100 miles out,
but it's headed north.
And it has the scepter.
Now we have to retrieve it, again.
Genie's out of that bottle.
Clear and present is Ultron.
I don't understand.
You built this program.
Why is it trying to kill us?
Mmm-mmm.
You think this is funny?
No.
It's probably not, right?
This is very terrible. Is it so...
Is it so... It is. It's so terrible.
This could have been avoided
if you hadn't played
with something you don't understand.
No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It is funny.
It's a hoot that you don't
get why we need this.
Tony, maybe this might not be the time.
Really? That's it?
You just roll over, show your belly
every time somebody snarls?
Only when I've created a murder bot.
We didn't. We weren't even close.
Were we close to an interface?
Well, you did something right.
And you did it right here.
The Avengers were supposed to be
different than S.H.I.E.L.D.
Anybody remember when I carried
a nuke through a wormhole?
- No, it's never come up.
- Saved New York?
- Never heard that.
- Recall that?
A hostile alien army came charging
through a hole in space.
We're standing 300 feet below it.
We're the Avengers.
We can bust arms dealers
all the livelong day,
but that up there, that's...
That's the endgame.
How were you guys
planning on beating that?
Together.
We'll lose.
Then we'll do that together, too.
Thor's right. Ultron's calling us out.
And I'd like to find him
before he's ready for us.
The world's a big place.
Let's start making it smaller.
Talk, and if you are wasting our time...
Did you know this church is
in the exact center of the city?
The elders decreed it so that everyone
could be equally close to God.
I like that.
The geometry of belief.
You're wondering why you
can't look inside my head.
Sometimes it's hard.
But sooner or later,
every man shows himself.
Oh, I'm sure they do.
But you needed something more than a man.
That's why you let Stark
take the scepter.
I didn't expect,
but I saw Stark's fear.
I knew it would control him.
Make him self-destruct.
Everyone creates the thing they dread.
Men of peace create engines of war.
Invaders create Avengers.
People create
smaller people? Uh...
"Children." I lost the word, there.
Children
designed to supplant them,
to help them end.
Is that why you've come,
to end the Avengers?
I've come to save the world.
But also... Yeah.
We'll move out right away.
This is a start, but there's something
we need to begin the real work.
- All of these are...
- Me.
I have what the Avengers
never will. Harmony.
They're discordant. Disconnected.
Stark's already got them
turning on each other.
And when you get inside
the rest of their heads...
Everyone's plan is not to kill them.
And make them martyrs?
You need patience.
Need to see the big picture.
I don't see the big picture.
I have a little picture.
I take it out and look at it,
every day.
You lost your parents in the bombings.
I've seen the records.
The records are not the picture.
- Pietro.
- No, please.
We were 10 years old.
Having dinner, the four of us.
When the first shell hits,
two floors below,
it makes a hole in the floor.
It's big.
Our parents go in
and the whole building
starts coming apart.
I grab her,
roll under the bed,
and the second shell hits.
But it doesn't go off.
It just
sits there in the rubble.
Three feet from our faces.
And on the side of the shell
is painted one word.
"Stark."
We were trapped for two days.
Every effort to save us,
every shift in the bricks,
I think, "This will set it off."
We wait for two days
for Tony Stark to kill us.
I know what they are.
I wondered why only you two
survived Strucker's experiments.
Now I don't.
We will make it right.
You and I can hurt them.
But you will tear them apart
from the inside.
He's all over the globe.
Robotics labs, weapons facilities,
jet propulsion labs.
Reports of a metal man, or men,
coming in and emptying the place.
Fatalities?
Only when engaged.
Mostly guys left in a fugue state
going on about old memories, worst fears,
and "something too fast to see."
Maximoffs.
That makes sense he'd go to them.
They have someone in common.
Not anymore.
That's a negative. I answer to you.
Yes, ma'am.
Barton. Might have something.
I gotta go.
Who was that?
Girlfriend.
What's this?
A message. Ultron killed Strucker.
And he did a Banksy
at the crime scene, just for us.
This is a smoke screen.
Why send a message when
you've just given a speech?
Strucker knew something that
Ultron wanted us to miss.
Yeah, I bet he... Yeah.
Everything we had
on Strucker's been erased.
Not everything.
Known associates.
Baron Strucker had a lot of friends.
Well, these people are all horrible.
Wait. I know that guy.
From back in the day.
He operates off the African coast.
Black market arms.
There are conventions.
All right? You meet people.
I didn't sell him anything.
He was talking about finding
something new, a game-changer.
It was all very Ahab.
This?
Ah, it's a tattoo, I don't think he had it.
Those are tattoos, this is a brand.
Oh, yeah. It's a word in an African
dialect meaning "thief."
In a much less friendly way.
- What dialect?
- Wakanada.
Wakanda.
If this guy got out of Wakanda
with some of their trade goods...
I thought your father said
he got the last of it.
I don't follow.
What comes out of Wakanda?
The strongest metal on Earth.
Where is this guy now?
Don't tell me your men swindled you.
I sent you six short-range heat-seekers
and got a boat full of rusted parts.
Now, you will make it right,
or the next missile I send you
will come very much faster.
Now, minister, where were we?
Yeah. The Enhanced.
Strucker's prize pupils.
Do you want a candy? Hmm?
I was sorry to hear about Strucker.
But then, he knew what kind
of world he was helping create.
Human life. Not a growth market.
You didn't know?
Is this your first time
intimidating someone?
I'm afraid I'm not that afraid.
Everybody is afraid of something.
Cuttlefish.
Deep sea fish.
They make lights, disco lights...
...to hypnotize their prey, and then...
I saw a documentary. It was terrifying.
So if you're going to fiddle with my brain
and make me see a giant cuttlefish,
then I know you don't do business.
And I know you're not in charge.
And I only deal
with the man in charge.
There is no man in charge.
Let's talk business.
Upon this rock, I will build my church.
Vibranium.
You know,
it came at great personal cost.
It's worth billions.
Now so are you.
It's all under your dummy holdings.
Finance is so weird.
But I always say,
"Keep your friends rich
and your enemies rich
"and wait to find out which is which."
Stark.
What?
Tony Stark used to say that.
To me.
You're one of his.
What? I'm not...
I'm not.
You think I'm one of Stark's puppets?
His hollow men?
I mean, look at me.
Do I look like Iron Man?
Stark is nothing!
I'm sorry. I'm... Oh!
I'm sure that's gonna be okay. I'm sorry.
It's just that I don't understand.
Don't compare me with Stark!
It's a thing with me.
Stark is... He's a sickness!
Ah, Junior.
You're gonna break your old man's heart.
If I have to.
Nobody has to break anything.
Clearly you've never made an omelet.
He beat me by one second.
Ah, yes. He's funny.
Mr. Stark.
It's what? Comfortable?
Like old times?
This was never my life.
You two can still walk away from this.
Oh, we will.
I know you've suffered.
Captain America.
God's righteous man.
Pretending you could live without a war.
I can't physically throw up
in my mouth, but...
If you believe in peace,
then let us keep it.
I think you're confusing
"peace" with "quiet."
Uh-huh. What's the vibranium for?
I'm glad you asked that,
because I wanted to take this
time to explain my evil plan.
- Shoot them.
- Which ones?
All of them!
Move! Move! Move!
Oh.
Stay down, kid.
It's time for some mind games.
Guys? Is this a code green?
Thor, status.
The girl tried to warp my mind.
Take special care.
I doubt a human could keep her at bay.
Fortunately, I am mighty.
This is going very well.
I've done the whole mind control thing.
Not a fan.
Yeah, you better run.
Who's ever standing, we got to move!
Guys?
Again.
You'll break them.
Only the breakable ones.
You're made of marble.
We'll celebrate after
the graduation ceremony.
What if I fail?
You never fail.
Are you ready for our dance?
Is it him?
Is that the first son of Odin?
- Heimdall, your eyes.
- Oh.
They see everything.
They see you leading us to Hel.
Wake up!
The war is over, Steve.
We can go home.
Imagine it.
I can still save you!
We're all dead! Can you not see?
You're a destroyer, Odinson.
See where your power leads.
Sloppy.
Pretending to fail.
The ceremony is necessary
for you to take your place in the world.
I have no place in the world.
Exactly.
What can I do?
It hurts.
I'm going to kill him.
- I'll be right back.
- No.
I'm all right.
I want...
I want to finish the plan.
I want the big one.
Uh, the vibranium is getting away.
And you're not going anywhere.
Of course not. I'm already there.
You'll catch on.
But first, you might need
to catch Dr. Banner.
News or footage. Keyword, "Hulk."
Natasha, I could really use a lullaby.
That's not gonna happen.
Not for a while.
The whole team is down.
You got no backup here.
I'm calling in Veronica.
We need backup!
Go! Keep moving!
All right, everybody, stand down!
Will you listen to me?
That little witch is messing with your mind.
You're stronger than her.
You're smarter than her.
You're Bruce Banner.
Right, right, right,
don't mention puny Banner.
Okay!
In the back?
Dick move, Banner.
Veronica, give me a hand.
Go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep.
Okay, pal, we're gonna
get you out of town.
Not that way, not that way.
Come on, Bruce! You gotta work with me.
Everybody, out!
Going down?
I'm sorry.
Damage report?
That's comprehensive.
Show me something.
How quickly can we buy this building?
- Move! Move! Move!
- Go, go, go!
Flank him, flank him!
The news is loving you guys.
Nobody else is.
There's been no official call
for Banner's arrest
but it's in the air.
The Stark Relief Foundation?
Already on the scene.
- How's the team?
- Everyone's...
We took a hit. We'll shake it off.
Well, for now, I'd stay in stealth mode
and stay away from here.
So, run and hide?
Until we can find Ultron,
I don't have a lot else to offer.
Neither do we.
Hey, you wanna switch out?
No, I'm good.
If you wanna get some kip,
now's a good time
because we're still a few hours out.
Few hours from where?
A safe house.
What is this place?
Safe house.
Let's hope.
Honey?
I'm home.
Hi.
Company. Sorry, didn't call ahead.
Hey.
This is an agent of some kind.
Gentlemen, this is Laura.
I know all of your names.
Ooh. Incoming.
- Dad!
- Hi, sweetheart!
Hey, buddy.
How are you guys doing?
- These are smaller agents.
- Look at your face!
Oh, my goodness.
Did you bring Auntie Nat?
Why don't you hug her and find out?
- Sorry for barging in on you.
- Yeah, we would have called ahead,
but we were busy having
no idea that you existed.
Yeah, well, Fury helped me
set this up when I joined.
He kept it off S.H.I.E.L.D.'s files.
I'd like to keep it that way.
I figure it's a good place to lay low.
Honey.
I missed you. How's little Natasha, huh?
She's...
Nathaniel.
Traitor.
Thor?
I saw something in that dream.
I need answers. I won't find them here.
We can go home.
See? You worried for nothing.
Can't even feel the difference, can you?
If they're sleeping here,
some of them are gonna have to double up.
Yeah, that's not gonna sell.
What about Nat and Dr. Banner?
How long has that been going on?
Has what?
You are so cute.
Nat and Banner?
I'll explain when you're older,
- Hawkeye.
- Well, okay.
It's bad, right?
Nat seems really shaken.
Ultron has these allies.
These, uh, kids.
They're punks, really.
But they carry a big, damn stick.
And Nat took a serious hit.
Someone's gonna have
to teach them some manners.
That someone being you.
You know I totally support your avenging.
I couldn't be prouder.
But I see those guys...
Those gods...
You don't think they need me.
I think they do, which is a lot scarier.
They're a mess.
Yeah.
I guess they're my mess.
You need to be sure
that this team is really a team,
and that they have your back.
Things are changing for us.
In a few months' time,
you and me are gonna be outnumbered.
I need...
Just be sure.
Yes, ma'am.
I can feel the difference.
Scream, and your entire staff dies.
I could've killed you, Helen,
the night we met.
I didn't.
Do you expect a thank-you note?
I expect you to know why.
The Cradle.
This is the next thing, Tony.
This is the next me.
The Regeneration Cradle prints tissue.
It can't build a living body.
It can. You can.
You lack the materials.
You're a brilliant woman, Helen.
But we all have room to improve.